kb(grid):select/deselect on row click (#467)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-select-or-deselect-item-on-row-click.md

---

> title: Select or Deselect Items on Row Click in Grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Select or Deselect Grid Items on Row Click
```

> description: How to Select or Deselect Items on Row Click in Grid?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to Select or Unselect Grid Rows on Row Click
```

type: how-to

> page_title: Select or Deselect Items on Row Click in Grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Select or Deselect Grid Items on Row Click
```

slug: grid-kb-select-or-deselect-item-on-row-click
position: 
tags: telerik, blazor, grid, select, deselect, row, click
ticketid: 1534470
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Grid for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

How can I select and deselect multiple rows by clicking on a row in a Grid with enabled selection?

## Solution

> When selection is enabled in the Grid component, the built-in option for deselecting a row or selecting multiple rows is `Ctrl` + click. To deselect a row or select multiple rows by row clicking and without holding the `Ctrl` key, try the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Grid selection is enabled, the built-in option for deselecting a row or selecting multiple rows is `Ctrl` + Click (`Cmd` + Click on Macs). To deselect a row or select multiple rows by row clicking and without holding the `Ctrl` key, try the following:
```

> When selection is enabled in the Grid component, the built-in option for deselecting a row or selecting multiple rows is `Ctrl` + click. To deselect a row or select multiple rows by row clicking and without holding the `Ctrl` key, try the following:

Reviewer 2: Remove `try`, we are giving solutions, and we should be aware if they are working

Author: Will do

> * Disable the built-in selection

Reviewer 2: Maybe some additional information can be applied here

Author: Done
